Per-network configuration for bouncer networks (#2213)
squidowl/halloy: docs/guides/connect-with-soju.md

password = "<your-password>"
```

### Configure individual networks

Add a `networks` section when one network needs different settings:

```toml
[servers.home]
nickname = "<your-nickname>"
server = "<your-bouncer-url>"

[servers.home.sasl.plain]
username = "<your-username>"
password = "<your-password>"

[servers.home.networks.libera.filters]
ignore = ["Guest9702"]
```

> `home` is the server name. `libera` is the network name from soju.

Reviewer: Minor rewording to hammer in where each name originates:
```suggestion
`home` is the locally configured server name for the bouncer, and `libera` is the network name as specified with soju.
```
